which means that any organism with
sufficient mass and cognitive capability
is a potential doctor is something wrong
no nothing splendid shall we
Oh
unfortunately my usefulness to this
particular endeavor has come to an end
protocol does not allow units with my
classification to perform a task as
important as the reunification of the
index with the corner that final escape
is reserved for you make labor
oh that wasn't supposed to happen oh
really Cortana I've spent the last 12
hours cooped up in here watching you
Tony about hoping that thing gets set to
slit our throats hold on now he's a
friend oh I didn't realize he's your pal
is he your chump do you have any idea
what that bastard almost made you do yes
activate a lowes defenses and destroy
the flood which is why we brought the
index to the control center you mean
this construct in the car that is
absolutely unacceptable sod off my
appendix I shall purge you at once you
sure that's a good idea
so how dare you are you do what I have
the index you can just float and sputter
enough the flood is spreading if we
activate halos defenses we can wipe them
out you have no idea how this ring works
do you why the forerunners built it halo
doesn't kill flood it kills their food
humans covenant whatever we are all
equally edible the only way to stop the
flood is to starve them to death and
that's exactly what halo is designed to
do wipe the galaxy clean of all sentient
life you don't believe me ask him is it
true Norris technically this
installations Falls has a maximum
effective radius of 25,000 light years
but once the others follow suit this
galaxy will be quite devoid of life or
at least any luck with sufficient
violence to sustain the look
you already knew that how could you left
out that little detail did he we have
followed our break containment procedure
to the letter you were with me each step
of the way as we better in school says
chief and picking up movement why would
you hesitate to do what you have already
done we need to go right now last time
you asked me if it were my choice where
do it
having a considerable time to ponder
your answer is no change there is no
choice we must activate the ring
get us out of here if you are unwilling
to help I will simply find another still
I must have me in this give you a
construct to me or I will be forced to
take care of you
that's not going to
so be it save it dispose of the rest
look out
final target neutralized let's get out
of here
let's find a ride and get to the captain
no that'll take too long you have a
better idea there's a teleportation
print that runs throughout halo that's
how the monitor moves about so good I
learned how to tap into the grid when I
was in the control center unfortunately
each jump requires a rather
consequential expenditure of energy
something tells me I'm not gonna like
this but I'm pretty sure I can pull it
from your suit without permanently
damaging your shields needless to say I
think we should only try this once
you